Christmas Sales for 2014 and 2015
have proved that the speakers
laptops are in fashion nowadays
this type of accessory is among the
most wanted by consumers
on account of this, the
number of options available on the market
tecmundo had the opportunity to test
Mini Waterproof Mini Pattern
compatible with bluetooth nfc our
impressions on this product are that
you now have access to creative muvo mini
is available in four blue colors
red white and black
it weighs about 280 grams and has the
traditional rectangular format with
slightly rounded edges in the
several lozenges grouped
make up the texture that covers the
loudspeakers guaranteeing more
product protection
the control buttons are located
on top or two leds
indicative are also present one of
operation and other charging
finally we have a microphone in the
rear cover
Rubbery still hides mini entrance
usb for recharge and also an output for
headphones a differential
of the new mini is the fact that
she is certified and p-60 and 6
which makes the product waterproof and
dust
certification makes the ideal device
to be placed next to the pool or
be taken to the beach in a guarantee of
that any peaks of water or grains of
dust will not damage the product.
Unfortunately, the customer does not
your official website and not even in the manuals
that accompany the product, what is the
Battery capacity and amperes hour
but the company promises that it is possible
listen to your music for up to 10 hours
continuous operation without the batteries
vote on our tests we got close
numbers with the volume set at
intermediate levels it was possible to hear
music for about eight hours without the
need to recharge
there are two ways to connect your
device to mini new customer via
bluetooth or nfc the payment process
is quite simple and dispenses softwares
extras
the model has two young people of 1.3
inch and a central passive driver that
the client named her flower kiss in
right
its performance is practically the same as
subwoofer even if it does not have the
sound that can be considered high
their qualities are balanced and
consistency and levels of distortion
are practically nonexistent
in an environment of five square meters
for example the result is perfect
being the ideal model for you to have in
bedroom or in the living room in
open
the result is slightly lower but
yet perfectly acceptable for
your creative mini category yet
not available in stores
Brazilians in the North American market is
models by price
ranging between $ 40 and $ 60
some items would fall well on the device
buttons for forward and reverse
bands
the most accurate indicator of the
drums
on the other hand the certification and
a very welcome and difficult differential
to be found in such devices.
price range the audio quality is
also another positive point of the mummy
mini light and small
the device is ideal for environments
small parties in smaller spaces or
still to accompany that barbecue to the
poolside in very
the sound of it can be lost and not
give an account of the message with a good
cost benefit and sound quality
Our verdict could not be
I created this new mini do not
power but by the
balance and the good final quality of
audio that offers
also check the analysis on the
tecmundo is our next video